Now the search function is then go to a good location.
And here it takes as parameter the go location.
It's got rid of the location of the right location and the objective here is actually to dig that up
from one location it's up from here to here.
OK we want to start from this one.
OK so how can we do this we can actually make a rotation into this.
And then they're moving straight but that is not a smooth motion.
We want to make a smooth motion so that the robot moves automatically to this location here and then
confidence up and started the cleaning mission.
So in order to do this we're going to use the the controller as already explained the C++ version.
OK.
So this robot is going to move from this one to this point.
So what we can do we can set the linear velocity and that it is looking at this direction we can set
the linear velocity as proportional to the distance to the GO location.
So when it is far from the location for example the US is going to be high.
So it's going to move fast to where to go.
And as it is approaching the goal location is going to use its linear speed and that it stops completely
when it reaches this point safety.
So you can see in either direction is this Rachel.
Actually it has to rotate either in this direction or either in that direction.
So we need to apply at the same time an angular velocity so that to make a smooth motion and smooth
rotation toward the location.
OK so I really explain the mathematics in the C++ version.
OK.
And here we're going to calculate the distance.
So the distance is between the current location and the go location will be calculated using the linear
equation.
And then I'm going to set a speed that will do the distance multiplied by some kind of constant.
This is what we call it proportional control because here it is proportional to the error and the error
in this case is actually the distance when the distance is equal to the location the linear is going
to be equal to zero.
The Robert is going to stop and this is what you want.
OK.
And of course this constant can be any cause of your choice in some cases you have to do it carefully.
Otherwise you can have a bad behavior or an expected behavior.
So 0.5 would be fine.
But if the moment OK this is what concerns the NTSB and we will do the same for the animals first of
all we need to calculate the desired angle.
So now this robot is looking in this direction and you want it to go to that direction.
So look the whole angle we need to measure this hole and the OK.
In theory we can use that tangent method in order to calculate the angle between this location and this
location.
And this is one to our attention to the position of wind gold mine and slide the current location of
that about an X goal minus x.
This is the current location of the X location of the rover.
OK.
Using this equation you can turn that angle into a date and then the angle speed will be proportional
to the angle the difference between that and the desired angle and or minus the current rotation of
the rubber.
So this is going to give me the relative to rotate in order to move to the location and as such and
the spin is going to be different from zero as long as the difference is different from zero.
The angle is equal to the center of the what then is going to become zero.
And in this case you will guarantee that the rubber is going to rotate to war the ball location.
OK.
And it looks straight to the location in this case.
This component is going to be zero.
And finally we will Abdeen the velocity message X by the leniency that we have calculated here.
I'm going to see that you have got created here.
And finally you publish the first message and maybe even this is smaller than a certain threshold to
the location because we cannot have an exact equality between the location of the current location because
these are low numbers so exactly why it is impossible.
So in this case I'm going to use a small three shot just to make sure that the distance is smaller to
a very small value.
OK in this case I would consider that they have Richy and then exit the Y.
This is what you will do.
And we can check this behavior here.
So for example I would go to one.
Wow.
So now let us try and go to one function.
We're going to move that from this location that is almost five five point one.
Wow.
OK.
So let's see how it works.
Insecurely and then you can see this is a smooth motion.
One the go location OK so it's going to continue moving and it reaches almost the desired point.
So the next strategy is for example to send an
I'm going to bring the x y here
to bring the x y coordinates
I would expect you to get.
You can see more than eight inches X-Fi calling it book it's almost seven here and almost eight here
or one.
This is very very small.
Seven point ninety nine and six that night the it's almost seven and eight.
So what are you going to stop tonight.
I'm demanding three behaviors.
Move on.
Go to go now we have all the ingredients into need cleaning.
Publication
but of course.
So the message got to the position 1 1 the beginning from the they give birth to 1 1 you'll see
what is going to look into that action.
Now I want to move straight in this line like this.
OK.
So these kids have to go out and make each politician in addition to zero in this case so we need a
method that we rotate rubber under the orientation.
OK.
For example these days I want to make it in this direction so it can move straight into research.
And for this when we do a method that's all said orientation.